.. 124.rst

124. Broken line
==================
``time limit per test: 0.25 sec / memory limit per test: 4096 KB``

There is a closed broken line on a plane with sides parallel to coordinate axes, without self-crossings and self-contacts. The broken line consists of K segments. You have to determine, whether a given point with coordinates (X0,Y0) is inside this closed broken line, outside or belongs to the broken line.

**Input**

The first line contains integer K (4 <= K <= 10000) - the number of broken line segments. Each of the following N lines contains coordinates of the beginning and end points of the segments (4 integer :math:`x_{i1},y_{i1},x_{i2},y_{i2}`; all numbers in a range from -10000 up to 10000 inclusive). Number separate by a space. The segments are given in random order. Last line contains 2 integers :math:`X_0` and :"math:`Y_0` - the coordinates of the given point delimited by a space. (Numbers math:`X_0`, math:`Y_0` in a range from -10000 up to 10000 inclusive).

**Output**

The first line should contain:

INSIDE - if the point is inside closed broken line,

OUTSIDE - if the point is outside,

BORDER - if the point belongs to broken line.

**Example(s)**

+----------------+----------------+
|Sample Input    |Sample Output   |
+----------------+----------------+
| | 4            | | INSIDE       |
| | 0 0 0 3      |                |
| | 3 3 3 0      |                |
| | 0 3 3 3      |                |
| | 3 0 0 0      |                |
| | 2 2          |                |
+----------------+----------------+