
.. 153.rst

153. Playing with matches
===========================
``time limit per test: 0.25 sec / memory limit per test: 4096 KB``

Little boy Petya plays a game with his friend. They have a heap that consists of N (1<=N<=10^9) matches. It is possible to take 1,P1,P2,...,Pm (2<=Pi<=9, 0<=m<=8) matches from the heap. 
Players take matches from the heap one by one. The player who takes the last match looses. Petya proved that for any set of N and Pi one of players has winning strategy, i.e. set of rules driving to a victory independently of opponent's moves. You task is to discover who has this strategy.

**Input**

nput file consist of K test cases. Natural number K is written in the first line. Every test case describes one game: numbers N and M are written in first line of every test case, and second line contains sequence Pi. All numbers in then input are integer numbers. So, if K=2, then second and third lines describe first game and fourth and fifth lines describe second game.

**Output**

For each test case write in the output file phrase FIRST PLAYER MUST WIN if first player have winning strategy, and SECOND PLAYER MUST WIN therwise.

**Example(s)**

+----------------+--------------------------+
|Sample Input    |Sample Output             |
+----------------+--------------------------+
| | 1            | | SECOND PLAYER MUST WIN |
| | 5 3          |                          |
| | 2 3 5        |                          |
+----------------+--------------------------+
