
.. 167.rst

167. I-country.
=================
``time limit per test: 0.75 sec / memory limit per test: 65536 KB``

According to top-secret A-country plans, I-country is divided into N*M equal squares, each square contains some oil resources. They want to occupy all the territory of I-country, but the UN (United Nations) will allow them to occupy only K squares. Of course, A-country want to get control over as many oil as possible, but, they will have to guard all their territory. So, they need their territory to be easy-controlled, i.e. from any square to any it must be possible to get moving only along two directions (selected from the next list: left, right, up, down; for different squares pairs of directions may differ). 
You are to write a program, which determinies, what squares will be occupyed by A-country. If there are several solutions, you may output any.

**Input**

On the first line of input there are 3 integer numbers N,M,K (1<=N,M<=15, 0<=K<=N*M). Next N lines contains M integers each, which are the number of oil resource on that square. Each of this numbers lies in range of 0 to 1000.

**Output**

On the first line of output, write string "Oil : X", where integer number X --- the maximal number of oil which can be controlled by A-country. Next you should output K pairs of numbers --- coordinates of the squares which will be occupied by A-country. The first coordinate is number of row (top to bottom, starting from 1), second is number of column (left to right, starting from 1).

**Example(s)**

+----------------+----------------+
|Sample Input    |Sample Output   |
+----------------+----------------+
| | 2 3 4        | | Oil : 100    |
| | 10 20 30     | | 1 1          |
| | 40 2 3       | | 1 2          |
|                | | 1 3          |
|                | | 2 1          |
+----------------+----------------+
