
.. 199.rst

199. Beautiful People
=======================
``time limit per test: 0.25 sec / memory limit per test: 65536 KB``

The most prestigious sports club in one city has exactly N members. Each of its members is strong and beautiful. More precisely, i-th member of this club (members being numbered by the time they entered the club) has strength Si and beauty Bi . Since this is a very prestigious club, its members are very rich and therefore extraordinary people, so they often extremely hate each other. Strictly speaking, i-th member of the club Mr X hates j-th member of the club Mr Y if Si ≤ Sj and Bi ≥ Bj or if Si ≥ Sj and Bi ≤ Bj (if both properties of Mr X are greater then corresponding properties of Mr Y, he doesn't even notice him, on the other hand, if both of his properties are less, he respects Mr Y very much). 

To celebrate a new 2003 year, the administration of the club is planning to organize a party. However they are afraid that if two people who hate each other would simultaneouly attend the party, after a drink or two they would start a fight. So no two people who hate each other should be invited. On the other hand, to keep the club presti≥ at the apropriate level, administration wants to invite as many people as possible. 

Being the only one among administration who is not afraid of touching a computer, you are to write a program which would find out whom to invite to the party. 


**Input**

The first line of the input file contains integer N — the number of members of the club. ( :math:`2 \le N \le 100,000` ). Next N lines contain two numbers each — Si and Bi respectively ( :math:`1 \le S_i, B_i \le 10^9` ). 


**Output**

On the first line of the output file print the maximum number of the people that can be invited to the party. On the second line output N integers — numbers of members to be invited in arbitrary order. If several solutions exist, output any one. 


**Example(s)**

+----------------+----------------+
|Sample Input    |Sample Output   |
+----------------+----------------+
| | 4            | | 2            |
| | 1 1          | | 1 4          |
| | 1 2          |                |
| | 2 1          |                |
| | 2 2          |                |
+----------------+----------------+
